{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CE;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi144\li71\cf1\lang1048\f0\fs24 One last hit and the front gate crumbled in shambles. The roof of the barbican stood no chance against the heavy boulder flying from the trebuchet. The weight of the stone and the shock of the impact prevailed against the iron porticulis and in just a few seconds the entire gatehouse fell turning in a pile of dust and rubble. The shock of the hit shattered the moral of the defenders with only the older knights keeping their composure intact and their positions firm.\par
The sound of the horn filled the air and the first wave of attackers launched themselves through the freshly created gap in the defence. They quickly climbed over the shattered rocks pushing into the castle yard. While armed with heavy bills and led by none other than \lang1033\f1 the \lang1048\f0 High Priest \lang1033\f1 of the Crown \lang1048\f0 Chevalier\lang1033\f1 s\lang1048\f0  \lang1033\f1 the\lang1048\f0  imperials \lang1033\f1 attacked with great vigour \lang1048\f0 slash\lang1033\f1 ing their way to the main keep. At the same time the imperial knights latched the ladders onto the walls and while deflecting the raining arrows climbed fast and met the panicked archers with steel. The knights were dressed in heavy plate and carrying kite shields along their maces, each one ornated with the coat of arms of their lord. The outer wall was quickly cleared, they moved like a steel boar charging through the \lang1048\f0\par
 Thick smoke was raising from the keep. The two front towers lay in ruin. \par
\par
\pard\cf0\par
}
