{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red139\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi144\li71\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs24 All was quiet. \cf2 Le\cf1  \cf2 brouillard\cf1  \cf2 venant\cf1  \cf2 de\cf1  la \cf2 mer\cf1  \cf2 se\cf1  \cf2 dansifiait\cf1  \cf2 peu\cf1  a \cf2 peu\cf1 , \cf2 edredon\cf1  \cf2 recouvrant\cf1  \cf2 amicalement\cf1  la cote encore \cf2 endormie\cf1 , \cf2 comme\cf1  pour la \cf2 rechauffer\cf1 , la \cf2 rassurer\cf1  \cf2 apres\cf1  \cf2 cette\cf1  \cf2 nuit\cf1  \cf2 tumultueuse\cf1 . \cf2 Lentement\cf1 , \cf2 il\cf1  \cf2 enlacait\cf1  \cf2 les\cf1  \cf2 arbres\cf1  \cf2 avant\cf1  \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 les\cf1  \cf2 engloutirs\cf1  \cf2 dans\cf1  son \cf2 epais\cf1  \cf2 coton\cf1 . \cf2 Une\cf1  \cf2 fois\cf1  \cf2 avaler\cf1  par \cf2 celui\cf1  \cf2 ci\cf1 , l illusion \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 tendresse\cf1  s \cf2 effacait\cf1  ne \cf2 laissant\cf1  place \cf2 qu\cf1  \cf2 au\cf1  \cf2 neant\cf1 . \cf2 Un\cf1  \cf2 neant\cf1  glacial, \cf2 silencieux\cf1 , \cf2 terrifiant\cf1 . L on \cf2 se\cf1  \cf2 retrouvait\cf1  \cf2 alors\cf1  \cf2 comme\cf1  \cf2 petrifier\cf1 , \cf2 aveugle\cf1  \cf2 et\cf1  \cf2 seul\cf1 . Incapable \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 se\cf1  \cf2 rechauffer\cf1 , \cf2 le\cf1  \cf2 monstre\cf1  \cf2 semblait\cf1  s \cf2 infiltrer\cf1  \cf2 jusqu\cf1  \cf2 au\cf1  plus \cf2 profond\cf1  \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 chauque\cf1  \cf2 etre\cf1 , omnipresent \cf2 il\cf1  en \cf2 faisait\cf1  \cf2 oublier\cf1  \cf2 jusqu\cf1  a  \cf2 sa\cf1  \cf2 propre\cf1  \cf2 existance\cf1 . \cf2 Semblant\cf1  \cf2 echapper\cf1  a \cf2 cette\cf1  \cf2 tourmente\cf1  \cf2 glaciale\cf1 , la tour \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 Suil\cf1  \cf2 Nahel\cf1 , improbable \cf2 epron\cf1  \cf2 rocheux\cf1  \cf2 se\cf1  \cf2 dressait\cf1 , \cf2 au\cf1  \cf2 dessus\cf1  \cf2 de\cf1  tout, \cf2 hors\cf1  d \cf2 atteinte\cf1  \cf2 de\cf1  \cf2 ce\cf1  \cf2 brouillard\cf1  \cf2 vorace\cf1 .\par
\cf2 Suil\cf1  \cf2 Nahel\cf1 , known in the old language as the eye of the cliff, stands to this day on the tall western shores of \cf2 Galend\cf1 . It was built not so long ago on the highest rock guarding the north of \cf2 Calmoh\cf1  bay. The sole purpose of this fortress was to defend the entrance in the gulf, more \cf2 specificaly\cf1 , to warn the capitol in case of \cf2 unwelcomed\cf1  guests. Considering that \cf2 Suil\cf1  had no walls, only a thin, long tower, higher than any tree in whole \cf2 Galend\cf1 , it housed just a handful of men and horses ready and \cf2 watchfull\cf1  at all times. They called the tower, the pike, for it reminded them of the huge, slim pikes of the imperials, that the \cf2 galends\cf1  despised so much. The similarity was thus even more accurate, for the little garrison dreaded the tower as much due to the harsh winds from the sea which sweep its tip ten times more ruthless.\par
One of these men was Guin, and today was his turn on "the Pike". From the first hour of day, before the sunlight would edge over the misty green fields in the east, he would have to replace his fellow watchman and spend the day glancing over the gloomy, grey sea.\par
He was tired, a fierce storm led to a sleepless night for the old guard. The winds came from sea striking the rocky slopes of the shore while thunders echoed through the night. Is is though no surprise, for storms are common this season, even so, that many \cf2 Galends\cf1  jokingly say: "in the spring we never know wether it is day or night, for the skies are forever alight".\par
But this storm felt different. \cf2 Aggresive\cf1 , more \cf2 aggresive\cf1  than usual. Every lightning seemed as a white claw ripping the sky in half and \cf2 leting\cf1  lose cold, piercing torrents. Even the noise accompanying it sounded closer to raging beasts fighting for territory than the storm's roars the \cf2 galends\cf1  got so used to. Those were the thoughts crossing Guin's mind last night, while struggling to ignore the savage concert and catch some sleep, praying to survive through the coming day in the Pike. A gust of chilly wind brought him back to reality.\par
" Little bastard, I am sure he forgot to keep the fire burning... I'll be all frozen till this goddamn tower gets warm again."\par
Guin threw another log in the fire, blew softly in his small stove watching as the flame was slowly coming back to life. He sat on the little stool and crouched beside the metal heater, still shivering. His wrinkled palms, engulfed now by the heat, stopped their trembling and began to rub his shoulders setting the blood in motion. He has seen many winters and was now old, his body was starting to betray him, the cold, humid air of the West was not kind anymore. Yet that was no excuse to leave the stormy wet lands of \cf2 Galend\cf1  and turn away from his duty, for even though he was sixty, Guin was still a guardsman in the service of none other than Lord and high Prince \cf2 Keelan\cf1  Stout. A guardsman is a bit exaggerated to call him, for those days have been long gone and now he served only as a watchman in the small fort called \cf2 Suil\cf1  \cf2 Nahel\cf1 .\par
He started to walk around the small room, at first slowly yet aggressively rubbing his shoulders, then faster and faster until he was almost running. " Come on, old man, move to stay alive. At least now I will wake up". He did three more laps along the circle shaped chamber, then decided to check the wooden window, maybe the sun was now high enough and ready to join him in the battle against the dreadful, cold air.\par
It wasn't. Or maybe it was, he couldn't tell. The sky was grey and dark. Less dark then when he began to climb the long spiral staircase but dark enough to not make him wish to go outside the little turret. Sitting back on the little stool he remembered a last secret trick against the cold. \par
Hanging from the rugged belt, was a little leather barreled shaped pouch . He opened it and was instantly enveloped by the herby, salty smell of its content. He \cf2 grabbed\cf1  a modest fist of dark, brownish powder from within the pouch and seemingly scared that the power of the \cf2 misterious\cf1  dust would fade away in the open air, closed the bag quickly yet as carefully as possible. \par
So familiar, so calming was the scent of the powder that in an instant Guin felt himself swayed away from the Pike and carried gently through the air in his childhood lands, up from \cf2 Suil\cf1 , in the furthest north of \cf2 Galend\cf1 . He \cf2 was back home in his village, in a little shack, crouched next to a burning hearth where he watched  for the first time his mother, preparing .  So vivid was his memory  The warmth and sporadic crackle coming from within the flames\cf1\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\cf0\par
}
